
# Lead

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CONVERTED_OPPORTUNITY_ID** | **Long** | The Opportunity ID resulted from a Lead conversion process |  [optional]
**CONVERTED_ORGANIZATION_ID** | **Long** | The Opportunity ID resulted from a Lead conversion process |  [optional]
**CAN_DELETE** | **Boolean** | True, if the user retrieving this record is allowed to delete the record. |  [optional]
**ORGANIZATION_NAME** | **String** | Organisation Name |  [optional]
**CONVERTED_DATE_UTC** | [**Date**](Date.md) | Date and time Lead record converted to opportunity, as Coordinated Universal Time (read only, automatically generated by server) |  [optional]
**LAST_NAME** | **String** | Last/Family/Surname of the Lead | 
**CONVERTED** | **Boolean** | IsConverted Lead |  [optional]
**FIRST_NAME** | **String** | First/Given Name |  [optional]
**VISIBLE_TEAM_ID** | **Long** | If VISIBLE_TO is &#39;Team&#39;, then this should be a Team ID, which must be a valid TEAM_ID record locator. |  [optional]
**MOBILE_PHONE_NUMBER** | **String** | Mobile Phone Number |  [optional]
**VISIBLE_TO** | **String** | This field can have one of the following values: &#39;Everyone&#39; (Default), &#39;Owner&#39;, &#39;Team&#39;, or &#39;Individuals&#39;.\&quot; |  [optional]
**DATE_CREATED_UTC** | [**Date**](Date.md) | Date and time Lead record creates, as Coordinated Universal Time (read only, automatically generated by server) |  [optional]
**LEAD_ID** | **Long** | Unique ID for the Lead record |  [optional]
**LEAD_STATUS_ID** | **Long** | Lead Statuses which will be having a value pair of (status and status type) i.e. (Contacted, OPEN) or (Converted, CLOSED) |  [optional]
**EMAIL_ADDRESS** | **String** | Email Address |  [optional]
**SALUTATION** | **String** | Salutation |  [optional]
**CONVERTED_CONTACT_ID** | **Long** | The Contact ID resulted from a Lead conversion process to Opportunity |  [optional]
**LEAD_RATING** | **Integer** | Lead&#39;s Rating |  [optional]
**IMAGE_URL** | **String** | Url of the Image for the Lead.  Use the &#39;leads/:id/image&#39; endpoint to change the image. |  [optional]
**RESPONSIBLE_USER_ID** | **Integer** | Responsible User&#39;s ID. |  [optional]
**EMPLOYEE_COUNT** | **Integer** | Employee count for the lead&#39;s organization |  [optional]
**VISIBLE_USER_IDS** | **String** | If VISIBLE_TO is &#39;Individuals&#39;, then this should be a comma-separated list of User IDs. This field is always empty in the response. Upon successful POST or PUT an anonymous team is created from the list of IDs, and the response will contain a VISIBLE_TEAM_ID. |  [optional]
**ADDRESS_COUNTRY** | **String** | Address country attached to the Lead |  [optional]
**CAN_EDIT** | **Boolean** | True, if the user retrieving this record is allowed to edit the record. |  [optional]
**ADDRESS_POSTCODE** | **String** | Address postal code attached to the Lead |  [optional]
**INDUSTRY** | **String** | The associated Industry |  [optional]
**DATE_UPDATED_UTC** | [**Date**](Date.md) | Date and time Lead record updated, as Coordinated Universal Time (read only, automatically generated by server) |  [optional]
**OWNER_USER_ID** | **Integer** | User ID of the Lead owner. This is a read-only field. |  [optional]
**WEBSITE_URL** | **String** | Website URL Address |  [optional]
**ADDRESS_STREET** | **String** | Set of addresses attached to the Lead |  [optional]
**CUSTOMFIELDS** | [**List&lt;APICustomField&gt;**](APICustomField.md) | Set of custom fields attached to the Lead |  [optional]
**ADDRESS_CITY** | **String** | Address street attached to the Lead |  [optional]
**ADDRESS_STATE** | **String** | Address state attached to the Lead |  [optional]
**FAX_NUMBER** | **String** | Fax Number |  [optional]
**TITLE** | **String** | Salutation |  [optional]
**PHONE_NUMBER** | **String** | Phone Number |  [optional]
**LEAD_SOURCE_ID** | **Long** | Lead Source i.e. web, phone etc |  [optional]
**LEAD_DESCRIPTION** | **String** | Lead&#39;s Description |  [optional]
**TAGS** | [**List&lt;APITag&gt;**](APITag.md) | Set of tags attached to the Lead |  [optional]



